PROJECT_FEATURES.md, before:

# Implemented Features
FR-Admin/Employee/Carrier/Client-Login:  Implement Log In page
This task involves creating a login form with email and password field, including validation and error handling
Status: Implemented
## NFR-Admin/Client/Employee-Usability: Implemented user friendly interface.
This task involves intuitive GUI, consistent navigation, error message clearance, search filters, payment data to pdf or excel, auto-suggesting addresses during shipment creation.
## NFR-Admin/Client/Employee-System_Performance : The system performance is now reliable and scalable.
This task involves making the system performance better including system reliability and scalibility.
**Status : Implemented**
## FR-Client-Profile_Management: Implementation of profile management
This task involves profile management of users with name, email, phone, DOB, gender and address.
**Status: Implemented
FR-Client-Create_Shipment: Implement Shipment
This task involves implementing Shipment form using Shipment iD, Payment status, Tracking status, types of good, weight, volume, pick up, drop off
Status: Implemented shipment form
## FR-Client/Employee/Admin-Change_Password: Implemented the password changing feature.
This task involves user to change password whenever it is needed by giving current password and then new and further confirming the password.
**Status: Implemented
FR-Admin/Employee/Carrier/Client-Login:  Implement Log In page
This task involves creating a login form with email and password field, including validation and error handling
Status: Implemented
FR/Employee/Employee_Dashboard: Implemented employee dashboard
This task involves creating a employee dashboard with shipment ID, Client ID, Types of Good, volume, pick up, delivery time for employee to view
Status: Implemented employee dashboard
## FR-Client-Route_Module: Assign routes automatically
This task involves auto-generating routes for each pickup/drop-off combination, including validation and error handling. Admin/Employee should be able to add and delete routes.
**Status: Implemented**

## NFR-Admin/Client/Employee/Carrier-Performance_Enhancement: Implement auto refresh of dashboard every 30 seconds and pagination.
**Status: Implemented**

This task involves clients to view their shipments.
**Status: Implemented**

## NFR-Client/Employee-Reliability: Implement reliability
This task involves the system to run without failures.
**Status: Implemented**

## NFR-Admin/Client/Employee/Carrier-Transparency: Implement transparency.
This task involves message notifications for shipment status updates and audit logs.
**Status: Implemented**

Commit message:

feat: implement Admin Dashboard page (#21)
Can add/remove employees
Can add/remove carriers
can add/remove shipment
Cannot delete client accounts
Can update payment records
Can update tracking records

Co-authored-by: efatanusrat <efatanusrat@gmail.com>

PROJECT_FEATURES.md, after:

# Implemented Features
FR-Admin/Employee/Carrier/Client-Login:  Implement Log In page
This task involves creating a login form with email and password field, including validation and error handling
Status: Implemented
## NFR-Admin/Client/Employee-Usability: Implemented user friendly interface.
This task involves intuitive GUI, consistent navigation, error message clearance, search filters, payment data to pdf or excel, auto-suggesting addresses during shipment creation.
## NFR-Admin/Client/Employee-System_Performance : The system performance is now reliable and scalable.
This task involves making the system performance better including system reliability and scalibility.
**Status : Implemented**
## FR-Client-Profile_Management: Implementation of profile management
This task involves profile management of users with name, email, phone, DOB, gender and address.
**Status: Implemented
FR-Client-Create_Shipment: Implement Shipment
This task involves implementing Shipment form using Shipment iD, Payment status, Tracking status, types of good, weight, volume, pick up, drop off
Status: Implemented shipment form
## FR-Client/Employee/Admin-Change_Password: Implemented the password changing feature.
This task involves user to change password whenever it is needed by giving current password and then new and further confirming the password.
**Status: Implemented
FR-Admin/Employee/Carrier/Client-Login:  Implement Log In page
This task involves creating a login form with email and password field, including validation and error handling
Status: Implemented
FR/Employee/Employee_Dashboard: Implemented employee dashboard
This task involves creating a employee dashboard with shipment ID, Client ID, Types of Good, volume, pick up, delivery time for employee to view
Status: Implemented employee dashboard
## FR-Client-Route_Module: Assign routes automatically
This task involves auto-generating routes for each pickup/drop-off combination, including validation and error handling. Admin/Employee should be able to add and delete routes.
**Status: Implemented**

## NFR-Admin/Client/Employee/Carrier-Performance_Enhancement: Implement auto refresh of dashboard every 30 seconds and pagination.
**Status: Implemented**

This task involves clients to view their shipments.
**Status: Implemented**

## FR-Admin-Admin_Dashboard: Implement Admin Dashboard page
This page involves creating a Dashbord for Admin to use with proper error handling.
## NFR-Client/Employee-Reliability: Implement reliability
This task involves the system to run without failures.
**Status: Implemented**

## NFR-Admin/Client/Employee/Carrier-Transparency: Implement transparency.
This task involves message notifications for shipment status updates and audit logs.
**Status: Implemented**
